Part 1, Topic 1: Introduction to Clock Glitching (MAIN)
=======================================================



**SUMMARY:** *Microcontrollers and FPGAs have a number of operating
conditions that must be met in order for the device to work properly.
Outside of these conditions, devices will begin to malfunction, with
more extreme violations causing the device to stop entirely or even
become damaged. By going outside these operating conditions for very
small amounts of time, we can cause a varitey of temporary malfunctions*

*In this lab, we‚Äôll explore clock glitching, which inserts short
glitches into a device‚Äôs clock. This will be used to get a target that‚Äôs
summing numbers in a loop to arrive at the wrong result.*

**LEARNING OUTCOMES:**

-  Understand effects of clock glitching
-  Exploring ChipWhisperer‚Äôs glitch module
-  Using clock glitching to disrupt a target‚Äôs algorithm

Clock Glitching Theory
----------------------

Digital hardware devices almost always expect some form of reliable
clock. We can manipulate the clock being presented to the device to
cause unintended behaviour. We‚Äôll be concentrating on microcontrollers
here, however other digital devices (e.g.¬†hardware encryption
accelerators) can also have faults injected using this technique.

Consider a microcontroller first. The following figure is an excerpt
from the Atmel AVR ATMega328P datasheet:

.. figure:: img/Mcu-unglitched.png
   :alt: A2_1

   A2_1

Rather than loading each instruction from FLASH and performing the
entire execution, the system has a pipeline to speed up the execution
process. This means that an instruction is being decoded while the next
one is being retrieved, as the following diagram shows:

.. figure:: img/Clock-normal.png
   :alt: A2_2

   A2_2

But if we modify the clock, we could have a situation where the system
doesn‚Äôt have enough time to actually perform an instruction. Consider
the following, where Execute #1 is effectively skipped. Before the
system has time to actually execute it another clock edge comes, causing
the microcontroller to start execution of the next instruction:

.. figure:: img/Clock-glitched.png
   :alt: A2_3

   A2_3

This causes the microcontroller to skip an instruction. Such attacks can
be immensely powerful in practice. Consider for example the following
code from ``linux-util-2.24``:

.. code:: c

   /*
    *   auth.c -- PAM authorization code, common between chsh and chfn
    *   (c) 2012 by Cody Maloney <cmaloney@theoreticalchaos.com>
    *
    *   this program is free software.  you can redistribute it and
    *   modify it under the terms of the gnu general public license.
    *   there is no warranty.
    *
    */

   #include "auth.h"
   #include "pamfail.h"

   int auth_pam(const char *service_name, uid_t uid, const char *username)
   {
       if (uid != 0) {
           pam_handle_t *pamh = NULL;
           struct pam_conv conv = { misc_conv, NULL };
           int retcode;

           retcode = pam_start(service_name, username, &conv, &pamh);
           if (pam_fail_check(pamh, retcode))
               return FALSE;

           retcode = pam_authenticate(pamh, 0);
           if (pam_fail_check(pamh, retcode))
               return FALSE;

           retcode = pam_acct_mgmt(pamh, 0);
           if (retcode == PAM_NEW_AUTHTOK_REQD)
               retcode =
                   pam_chauthtok(pamh, PAM_CHANGE_EXPIRED_AUTHTOK);
           if (pam_fail_check(pamh, retcode))
               return FALSE;

           retcode = pam_setcred(pamh, 0);
           if (pam_fail_check(pamh, retcode))
               return FALSE;

           pam_end(pamh, 0);
           /* no need to establish a session; this isn't a
            * session-oriented activity...  */
       }
       return TRUE;
   }

This is the login code for the Linux OS. Note that if we could skip the
check of ``if (uid != 0)`` and simply branch to the end, we could avoid
having to enter a password. This is the power of glitch attacks - not
that we are breaking encryption, but simply bypassing the entire
authentication module!

Glitch Hardware
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ChipWhisperer Glitch system uses the same synchronous methodology as
its Side Channel Analysis (SCA) capture. A system clock (which can come
from either the ChipWhisperer or the Device Under Test (DUT)) is used to
generate the glitches. These glitches are then inserted back into the
clock, although it‚Äôs possible to use the glitches alone for other
purposes (i.e.¬†for voltage glitching, EM glitching).

The generation of glitches is done with two variable phase shift
modules, configured as follows:

.. figure:: img/Glitchgen-phaseshift.png
   :alt: A2_4

   A2_4

In CW-Husky there is one important difference: the phase shift 1 output
is not inverted before it is ANDed with the phase shift 2 output.

The enable line is used to determine when glitches are inserted.
Glitches can be inserted continuously (useful for development) or
triggered by some event. The following figure shows how the glitch can
be muxd to output to the Device Under Test (DUT).

.. figure:: img/Glitchgen-mux.png
   :alt: A2_5

   A2_5

Hardware Support: CW-Lite/Pro
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The phase shift blocks use the Digital Clock Manager (DCM) blocks within
the FPGA. These blocks have limited support for run-time configuration
of parameters such as phase delay and frequency generation, and for
maximum performance the configuration must be fixed at design time. The
Xilinx-provided run-time adjustment can shift the phase only by about
+/- 5nS in 30pS increments (exact values vary with operating
conditions).

For most operating conditions this is insufficient - if attacking a
target at 7.37MHz the clock cycle would have a period of 136nS. In order
to provide a larger adjustment range, an advanced FPGA feature called
Partial Reconfiguration (PR) is used. The PR system requires special
partial bitstreams which contain modifications to the FPGA bitstream.
These are stored as two files inside a ‚Äúfirmware‚Äù zip which contains
both the FPGA bitstream along with a file called ``glitchwidth.p`` and a
file called ``glitchoffset.p``. If a lone bitstream is being loaded into
the FPGA (i.e.¬†not from the zip-file), the partial reconfiguration
system is disabled, as loading incorrect partial reconfiguration files
could damage the FPGA. This damage is mostly theoretical, more likely
the FPGA will fail to function correctly.

If in the course of following this tutorial you find the FPGA appears to
stop responding (i.e.¬†certain features no longer work correctly), it
could be the partial reconfiguration data is incorrect.

We‚Äôll look at how to interface with these features later in the
tutorial.

Hardware Support: CW-Husky
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The clock-generation logic in Husky‚Äôs 7-series FPGA is considerably
different than the 6-series FPGAs used in CW-Lite/Pro. The DCM is gone
and replaced by the much more powerful (and power hungry‚Ä¶) Mixed Mode
Clock Manager (MMCM). In particular for our glitching application, MMCMs
allow fine phase shift adjustments over an unlimited range, in steps as
small as 15ps. And all this without having to dynamically reconfigure
the FPGA bitfile! For this reason, the format for specifying the glitch
offset and width is different from what it was for CW-Lite/Pro. Instead
of specifiying a percentage of the source clock period, you now specify
the actual number of phase shift steps. The duration of one phase shift
step is 1/56 of the MMCM VCO clock period, which can itself be
configured to be anyhwere in the range from 600 MHz to 1200 MHz (via
``scope.clock.pll.update_fpga_vco()``).

While the MMCM is more powerful than the DCM with respect to its
features, it also requires a lot more power. For this reason, the glitch
generation circuitry is disabled by default and must be explicitly
turned on. Fear not, Husky also uses Xilinx‚Äôs XADC module to
continuously monitor its temperature, and all MMCMs are automatically
turned off at when the temperature starts getting too high, well below
dangerous levels are reached (run ``scope.XADC`` to see all its
statistics and settings).


**In [1]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    SCOPETYPE = 'OPENADC'
    PLATFORM = 'CW308_SAM4S'
    SS_VER = 'SS_VER_2_1'
    
    VERSION = 'HARDWARE'
    allowable_exceptions = None
    CRYPTO_TARGET = 'TINYAES128C'
    LONG_TEST = 'No'



**In [2]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    
    #!/usr/bin/env python
    # coding: utf-8
    
    # In[ ]:
    
    
    import chipwhisperer as cw
    
    try:
        if not scope.connectStatus:
            scope.con()
    except NameError:
        scope = cw.scope(hw_location=(5, 8))
    
    try:
        if SS_VER == "SS_VER_2_1":
            target_type = cw.targets.SimpleSerial2
        elif SS_VER == "SS_VER_2_0":
            raise OSError("SS_VER_2_0 is deprecated. Use SS_VER_2_1")
        else:
            target_type = cw.targets.SimpleSerial
    except:
        SS_VER="SS_VER_1_1"
        target_type = cw.targets.SimpleSerial
    
    try:
        target = cw.target(scope, target_type)
    except:
        print("INFO: Caught exception on reconnecting to target - attempting to reconnect to scope first.")
        print("INFO: This is a work-around when USB has died without Python knowing. Ignore errors above this line.")
        scope = cw.scope(hw_location=(5, 8))
        target = cw.target(scope, target_type)
    
    
    print("INFO: Found ChipWhispererüòç")
    
    
    # In[ ]:
    
    
    if "STM" in PLATFORM or PLATFORM == "CWLITEARM" or PLATFORM == "CWNANO":
        prog = cw.programmers.STM32FProgrammer
    elif PLATFORM == "CW303" or PLATFORM == "CWLITEXMEGA":
        prog = cw.programmers.XMEGAProgrammer
    elif "neorv32" in PLATFORM.lower():
        prog = cw.programmers.NEORV32Programmer
    elif PLATFORM == "CW308_SAM4S" or PLATFORM == "CWHUSKY":
        prog = cw.programmers.SAM4SProgrammer
    else:
        prog = None
    
    
    # In[ ]:
    
    
    import time
    time.sleep(0.05)
    scope.default_setup()
    
    def reset_target(scope):
        if PLATFORM == "CW303" or PLATFORM == "CWLITEXMEGA":
            scope.io.pdic = 'low'
            time.sleep(0.1)
            scope.io.pdic = 'high_z' #XMEGA doesn't like pdic driven high
            time.sleep(0.1) #xmega needs more startup time
        elif "neorv32" in PLATFORM.lower():
            raise IOError("Default iCE40 neorv32 build does not have external reset - reprogram device to reset")
        elif PLATFORM == "CW308_SAM4S" or PLATFORM == "CWHUSKY":
            scope.io.nrst = 'low'
            time.sleep(0.25)
            scope.io.nrst = 'high_z'
            time.sleep(0.25)
        else:  
            scope.io.nrst = 'low'
            time.sleep(0.05)
            scope.io.nrst = 'high_z'
            time.sleep(0.05)
    
    



**Out [2]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    INFO: Found ChipWhispererüòç
    scope.gain.gain                          changed from 0                         to 22                       
    scope.gain.db                            changed from 15.0                      to 25.091743119266056       
    scope.adc.samples                        changed from 131124                    to 5000                     
    scope.clock.clkgen\_freq                  changed from 0                         to 7370129.87012987         
    scope.clock.adc\_freq                     changed from 0                         to 29480519.48051948        
    scope.clock.extclk\_monitor\_enabled       changed from True                      to False                    
    scope.clock.extclk\_tolerance             changed from 1144409.1796875           to 13096723.705530167       
    scope.io.tio1                            changed from serial\_tx                 to serial\_rx                
    scope.io.tio2                            changed from serial\_rx                 to serial\_tx                
    scope.io.hs2                             changed from None                      to clkgen                   
    scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps           changed from 0                         to 4592                     
    scope.trace.capture.trigger\_source       changed from trace trigger, rule #0    to firmware trigger         




**In [3]:**

.. code:: bash

    %%bash -s "$PLATFORM" "$SS_VER"
    cd ../../../firmware/mcu/simpleserial-glitch
    make PLATFORM=$1 CRYPTO_TARGET=NONE SS_VER=$2 -j


**Out [3]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    SS\_VER set to SS\_VER\_2\_1
    SS\_VER set to SS\_VER\_2\_1
    .
    arm-none-eabi-gcc (15:9-2019-q4-0ubuntu1) 9.2.1 20191025 (release) [ARM/arm-9-branch revision 277599]
    Copyright (C) 2019 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
    This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
    warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    
    Welcome to another exciting ChipWhisperer target build!!
    Size after:
    +--------------------------------------------------------
    + Built for platform Microchip SAM4S with:
       text	   data	    bss	    dec	    hex	filename
       3392	      4	   4324	   7720	   1e28	simpleserial-glitch-CW308\_SAM4S.elf
    + CRYPTO\_TARGET = NONE
    + CRYPTO\_OPTIONS = 
    +--------------------------------------------------------




**In [4]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    fw_path = "../../../firmware/mcu/simpleserial-glitch/simpleserial-glitch-{}.hex".format(PLATFORM)
    cw.program_target(scope, prog, fw_path)
    if SS_VER=='SS_VER_2_1':
        target.reset_comms()

We‚Äôll probably crash the target a few times while we‚Äôre trying some
glitching. Create a function to reset the target:


**In [5]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    if PLATFORM == "CWLITEXMEGA":
        def reboot_flush():            
            scope.io.pdic = False
            time.sleep(0.1)
            scope.io.pdic = "high_z"
            time.sleep(0.1)
            #Flush garbage too
            target.flush()
    else:
        def reboot_flush():            
            scope.io.nrst = False
            time.sleep(0.05)
            scope.io.nrst = "high_z"
            time.sleep(0.05)
            #Flush garbage too
            target.flush()

Communication
-------------

For this lab, we‚Äôll be introducing a new method:
``target.simpleserial_read_witherrors()``. We‚Äôre expecting a
simpleserial response back; however, glitch will often cause the target
to crash and return an invalid string. This method will handle all that
for us. It‚Äôll also tell us whether the response was valid and what the
error return code was. Use as follows:


**In [6]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    #Do glitch loop
    target.simpleserial_write('g', bytearray([]))
    
    val = target.simpleserial_read_witherrors('r', 4, glitch_timeout=10)#For loop check
    valid = val['valid']
    if valid:
        response = val['payload']
        raw_serial = val['full_response']
        error_code = val['rv']
    
    #print(bytearray(val['full_response'].encode('latin-1')))
    print(val)


**Out [6]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    {'valid': True, 'payload': CWbytearray(b'c4 09 00 00'), 'full\_response': CWbytearray(b'00 72 04 c4 09 00 00 15 00'), 'rv': bytearray(b'\x00')}



Target Firmware
---------------

For this lab, our goal is to get the following code to preduce an
incorrect result:

.. code:: c

   uint8_t glitch_loop(uint8_t* in)
   {
       volatile uint16_t i, j;
       volatile uint32_t cnt;
       cnt = 0;
       trigger_high();
       for(i=0; i<50; i++){
           for(j=0; j<50; j++){
               cnt++;
           }
       }
       trigger_low();
       simpleserial_put('r', 4, (uint8_t*)&cnt);
       return (cnt != 2500);
   }

As you can see, we‚Äôve got a simple loop. This is a really good place to
start glitching for 2 reasons:

1. We‚Äôve got a really long portion of time with a lot of instructions to
   glitch. In contrast, with the Linux example we‚Äôre be trying to target
   a single instruction.

2. For some glitching scenarios, we‚Äôre looking for a pretty specific
   glitch effect. In the Linux example, we might be banking on the
   glitch causing the target to skip an instruction instead of
   corrupting the comparison since that‚Äôs a lot more likely to get us
   where we want in the code path. For this simple loop calculation,
   pretty much any malfunction will show up in the result.

Glitch Module
-------------

All the settings/methods for the glitch module can be accessed under
``scope.glitch``. As usual, documentation for the settings and methods
can be accessed on
`ReadtheDocs <https://chipwhisperer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html>`__
or with the python ``help`` command:


**In [7]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    help(scope.glitch)


**Out [7]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    Help on GlitchSettings in module chipwhisperer.capture.scopes.cwhardware.ChipWhispererGlitch object:
    
    class GlitchSettings(chipwhisperer.common.utils.util.DisableNewAttr)
     \|  GlitchSettings(cwglitch)
     \|  
     \|  Method resolution order:
     \|      GlitchSettings
     \|      chipwhisperer.common.utils.util.DisableNewAttr
     \|      builtins.object
     \|  
     \|  Methods defined here:
     \|  
     \|  \_\_init\_\_(self, cwglitch)
     \|      Initialize self.  See help(type(self)) for accurate signature.
     \|  
     \|  \_\_repr\_\_(self)
     \|      Return repr(self).
     \|  
     \|  \_\_str\_\_(self)
     \|      Return str(self).
     \|  
     \|  manualTrigger(self)
     \|  
     \|  manual\_trigger(self) -> None
     \|      Manually trigger the glitch output.
     \|      
     \|      This trigger is most useful in Manual trigger mode, where this is the
     \|      only way to cause a glitch.
     \|      
     \|      Note that for ChipWhisperer-Husky, this method will only cause a glitch
     \|      in manual mode, while on the Lite/Pro, this method will always insert a glitch.
     \|  
     \|  readStatus(self) -> tuple
     \|      Read the status of the two glitch DCMs.
     \|      
     \|      Returns:
     \|          A tuple with 4 elements::
     \|      
     \|           \* phase1: Phase shift of DCM1 (N/A for Husky),
     \|           \* phase2: Phase shift of DCM2 (N/A for Husky),
     \|           \* lock1: Whether DCM1 is locked,
     \|           \* lock2: Whether DCM2 is locked
     \|  
     \|  resetDCMs(self, keepPhase=True)
     \|      Reset the two glitch DCMs.
     \|      
     \|      This is automatically run after changing the glitch width or offset,
     \|      so this function is typically not necessary.
     \|  
     \|  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     \|  Readonly properties defined here:
     \|  
     \|  actual\_num\_glitches
     \|      The number of glitches that were generated during the previous
     \|      glitch event (should equal scope.glitch.num\_glitches; for debugging).
     \|      CW-Husky only.
     \|  
     \|  mmcm\_locked
     \|      Whether the Xilinx MMCMs (aka DCMs/PLLs) used to generate glitches
     \|      are locked or not.
     \|  
     \|  phase\_shift\_steps
     \|      The number of phase shift steps per target clock period.
     \|      Husky only.
     \|      To change, modify clock.pll.update\_fpga\_vco()
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Returns the number of steps.
     \|  
     \|  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     \|  Data descriptors defined here:
     \|  
     \|  arm\_timing
     \|      When to arm the glitch in single-shot mode.
     \|      
     \|      If the glitch module is in "ext\_single" trigger mode, it must be armed
     \|      when the scope is armed. There are two timings for this event:
     \|      
     \|       \* "no\_glitch": The glitch module is not armed. Gives a moderate speedup to capture.
     \|       \* "before\_scope": The glitch module is armed first.
     \|       \* "after\_scope": The scope is armed first. This is the default.
     \|      
     \|      This setting may be helpful if trigger events are happening very early.
     \|      
     \|      If the glitch module is not in external trigger single-shot mode, this
     \|      setting has no effect.
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return the current arm timing ("before\_scope" or "after\_scope")
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Change the arm timing
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         ValueError: if value not listed above
     \|  
     \|  clk\_src
     \|      The clock signal that the glitch DCM is using as input.
     \|      
     \|      This DCM can be clocked from three different sources:
     \|       \* "target": The HS1 clock from the target device (can also be AUX clock for Husky)
     \|       \* "clkgen": The CLKGEN DCM output (N/A for Husky)
     \|       \* "pll": Husky's on-board PLL clock (Husky only)
     \|      
     \|      :Getter:
     \|         Return the clock signal currently in use
     \|      
     \|      :Setter:
     \|         Change the glitch clock source
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         ValueError: New value not one of "target", "clkgen" or "pll"
     \|  
     \|  enabled
     \|      Husky only. Whether the Xilinx MMCMs used to generate glitches are
     \|      powered on or not. 7-series MMCMs are power hungry and are estimated
     \|      to consume half of the FPGA's power. If you run into temperature
     \|      issues and don't require glitching, you can power down these MMCMs.
     \|  
     \|  ext\_offset
     \|      How long the glitch module waits between a trigger and a glitch.
     \|      
     \|      After the glitch module is triggered, it waits for a number of clock
     \|      cycles before generating glitch pulses. This delay allows the glitch to
     \|      be inserted at a precise moment during the target's execution to glitch
     \|      specific instructions.
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Husky when scope.glitch.num\_glitches > 1, this parameter is a
     \|      list with scope.glitch.num\_glitches elements, each element
     \|      representing the ext\_offset value for the corresponding glitch,
     \|      relative to the previous glitch. If ext\_offset[i] = j, glitch i will
     \|      be issued 2+j cycles after the start of glitch i-1.
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Lite/Pro, scope.glitch.num\_glitches is not supported so this is
     \|      a simply an integer.
     \|      
     \|      Has no effect when trigger\_src = 'manual' or 'continuous'.
     \|      
     \|      .. note::
     \|          It is possible to get more precise offsets by clocking the
     \|          glitch module faster than the target board.
     \|      
     \|      This offset must be in the range [0, 2\*\*32).
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return the current external trigger offset(s). For CW-lite/pro
     \|         or when num\_glitches=1, this is an integer (for backwards
     \|         compatibility).  Otherwise, it is a MultiGlitchList, which behaves as a list,
     \|         but allows ext\_offset[x] = y to set settings for glitch x.
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Set the external trigger offset(s). Integer for CW-lite/pro,
     \|         list of integers for Husky.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         TypeError: if offset not an integer, or list of integers for Husky
     \|         ValueError: if any offset outside of range [0, 2\*\*32)
     \|  
     \|  num\_glitches
     \|      The number of glitch events to generate. CW-Husky only.
     \|      
     \|      Each glitch event uses the same offset and width settings. 
     \|      Glitch event x uses repeat[x] and ext\_offset[x].
     \|      
     \|      This parameter has no effect when scope.glitch.trigger\_src is set to
     \|      "manual" or "continuous".
     \|      
     \|      .. note:: Subsequent glitches are offset from the previous glitch.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         ValueError: number outside of [1, 32].
     \|  
     \|  offset
     \|      The offset from a rising clock edge to a glitch pulse rising edge.
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Husky, offset is expressed as the number of phase shift steps.
     \|      Minimum offset is obtained at 0 (rising edge of glitch aligned with
     \|      rising edge of glitch source clock). At
     \|      scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps/2, the glitch rising edge is aligned
     \|      with the glitch source clock falling edge. Negative values are
     \|      allowed, but -x is equivalent to scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps-x. The
     \|      setting rolls over (+x is equivalent to
     \|      scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps+x). Run the notebook in
     \|      jupyter/demos/husky\_glitch.ipynb to visualize glitch settings.
     \|      
     \|      For other capture hardware (CW-lite, CW-pro), offset is expressed 
     \|      as a percentage of one period.
     \|      A pulse may begin anywhere from -49.8% to 49.8% away from a rising
     \|      edge, allowing glitches to be swept over the entire clock cycle.
     \|      
     \|      .. warning:: very large negative offset <-45 may result in double glitches
     \|          (CW-lite/pro only).
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return an int (Husky) or float (CW-lite/pro) with the current
     \|          glitch offset.
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Set the glitch offset. For CW-lite/pro, the new value is
     \|          rounded to the nearest possible offset.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         UserWarning: value outside range [-50, 50] (value is rounded)
     \|             (CW-lite/pro only)
     \|  
     \|  offset\_fine
     \|      The fine adjustment value on the glitch offset. N/A for Husky.
     \|      
     \|      This is a dimensionless number that makes small adjustments to the
     \|      glitch pulses' offset. Valid range is [-255, 255].
     \|      
     \|      .. warning:: This value is write-only. Reads will always return 0.
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Returns 0
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Update the glitch fine offset
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         TypeError: if offset not an integer
     \|         ValueError: if offset is outside of [-255, 255]
     \|  
     \|  output
     \|      The type of output produced by the glitch module.
     \|      
     \|      There are 5 ways that the glitch module can combine the clock with its
     \|      glitch pulses:
     \|      
     \|       \* "clock\_only": Output only the original input clock.
     \|       \* "glitch\_only": Output only the glitch pulses - do not use the clock.
     \|       \* "clock\_or": Output is high if either the clock or glitch are high.
     \|       \* "clock\_xor": Output is high if clock and glitch are different.
     \|       \* "enable\_only": Output is high for glitch.repeat cycles.
     \|      
     \|      Some of these settings are only useful in certain scenarios:
     \|       \* Clock glitching: "clock\_or" or "clock\_xor"
     \|       \* Voltage glitching: "glitch\_only" or "enable\_only"
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return the current glitch output mode (one of above strings)
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Change the glitch output mode.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         ValueError: if value not in above strings
     \|  
     \|  repeat
     \|      The number of glitch pulses to generate per trigger.
     \|      
     \|      When the glitch module is triggered, it produces a number of pulses
     \|      that can be combined with the clock signal. This setting allows for
     \|      the glitch module to produce stronger glitches (especially during
     \|      voltage glitching).
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Husky when scope.glitch.num\_glitches > 1, this parameter is a
     \|      list with scope.glitch.num\_glitches elements, each element
     \|      representing the repeat value for the corresponding glitch. The
     \|      maximum legal value for repeat[i] is ext\_offset[i+1]+1. If an
     \|      illegal value is specified, the glitch output may be held high for
     \|      up to 8192 cycles.
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Lite/Pro, scope.glitch.num\_glitches is not supported so this is
     \|      a simply an integer.
     \|      
     \|      Has no effect when trigger\_src = 'continuous'.
     \|      
     \|      Repeat counter must be in the range [1, 8192].
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return the current repeat value. For CW-lite/pro or when
     \|         num\_glitches=1, this is an integer (for backwards compatibility).
     \|         Otherwise, it is a list of integers.
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Set the repeat counter. Integer for CW-lite/pro, list of
     \|         integers for Husky.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         TypeError: if value not an integer, or list of integers for Husky
     \|         ValueError: if any value outside [1, 8192]
     \|  
     \|  state
     \|      Glitch FSM state. CW-Husky only. For debug.
     \|      Writing any value resets the FSM to its idle state.
     \|  
     \|  trigger\_src
     \|      The trigger signal for the glitch pulses.
     \|      
     \|      The glitch module can use four different types of triggers:
     \|       \* "continuous": Constantly trigger glitches. The following
     \|          scope.glitch parameters have no bearing in this mode: ext\_offset,
     \|          repeat, num\_glitches.
     \|       \* "manual": Only trigger glitches by calling :code:\`manual\_trigger()\`. The
     \|          following scope.glitch parameters have no bearing in this mode:
     \|          ext\_offset, num\_glitches. In this mode, calling :code:\`scope.arm()\` will
     \|          trigger a glitch as well.
     \|       \* "ext\_single": Use the trigger module. Once the scope is armed, one
     \|          set of glitch events is emitted when the trigger condition is
     \|          satisfied. Subsequent trigger conditions are ignored unless the
     \|          scope is re-armed.
     \|       \* "ext\_continuous": Use the trigger module. A set of glitch events is
     \|          emitted each time the trigger condition is satisfied, whether or
     \|          not the scope is armed.
     \|      
     \|       .. warning:: calling :code:\`scope.arm()\` in manual gitch mode will cause a glitch to trigger.
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return the current trigger source.
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Change the trigger source.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         ValueError: value not listed above.
     \|  
     \|  width
     \|      The width of a single glitch pulse.
     \|      
     \|      For CW-Husky, width is expressed as the number of phase shift steps.
     \|      Minimum width is obtained at 0. Maximum width is obtained at
     \|      scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps/2. Negative values are allowed, but -x
     \|      is equivalent to scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps-x. The setting rolls
     \|      over (+x is equivalent to scope.glitch.phase\_shift\_steps+x). Run the
     \|      notebook in jupyter/demos/husky\_glitch.ipynb to visualize glitch
     \|      settings.
     \|      
     \|      For other capture hardware (CW-lite, CW-pro), width is expressed as a
     \|      percentage of one period. One pulse can range from -49.8% to roughly
     \|      49.8% of a period. The system may not be reliable at 0%. Note that
     \|      negative widths are allowed; these act as if they are positive widths
     \|      on the other half of the clock cycle.
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Return an int (Husky) or float (others) with the current
     \|          glitch width.
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Update the glitch pulse width. For CW-lite/pro, the value is
     \|          adjusted to the closest possible glitch width.
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         UserWarning: Width outside of [-49.8, 49.8]. The value is rounded
     \|             to one of these. (CW-lite/pro only)
     \|  
     \|  width\_fine
     \|      The fine adjustment value on the glitch width. N/A for Husky.
     \|      
     \|      This is a dimensionless number that makes small adjustments to the
     \|      glitch pulses' width. Valid range is [-255, 255].
     \|      
     \|      .. warning:: This value is write-only. Reads will always return 0.
     \|      
     \|      :Getter: Returns 0
     \|      
     \|      :Setter: Update the glitch fine width
     \|      
     \|      Raises:
     \|         TypeError: offset not an integer
     \|         ValueError: offset is outside of [-255, 255]
     \|  
     \|  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     \|  Data and other attributes defined here:
     \|  
     \|  \_\_annotations\_\_ = {}
     \|  
     \|  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     \|  Methods inherited from chipwhisperer.common.utils.util.DisableNewAttr:
     \|  
     \|  \_\_setattr\_\_(self, name, value)
     \|      Implement setattr(self, name, value).
     \|  
     \|  add\_read\_only(self, name)
     \|  
     \|  disable\_newattr(self)
     \|  
     \|  disable\_strict\_newattr(self)
     \|  
     \|  enable\_newattr(self)
     \|  
     \|  remove\_read\_only(self, name)
     \|  
     \|  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     \|  Data descriptors inherited from chipwhisperer.common.utils.util.DisableNewAttr:
     \|  
     \|  \_\_dict\_\_
     \|      dictionary for instance variables (if defined)
     \|  
     \|  \_\_weakref\_\_
     \|      list of weak references to the object (if defined)
    



We‚Äôll first go over settings that differ between the CW Husky and the CW Lite/Pro:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  clk_src

..

   The clock signal that the glitch DCM is using as input. Can be set to
   ‚Äútarget‚Äù or ‚Äúclkgen‚Äù In this case, we‚Äôll be providing the clock to
   the target, so we‚Äôll want this set to ‚Äúclkgen‚Äù.

   On CW Husky, a separate PLL is used to clock the glitch module
   instead of the clkgen module. The equivalent setting here for
   ‚Äúclkgen‚Äù is ‚Äúpll‚Äù \* offset

..

   Where in the output clock to place the glitch. Can be in the range
   ``[-48.8, 48.8]``. Often, we‚Äôll want to try many offsets when trying
   to glitch a target.

   On CW Husky, the range will depend on frequency of the PLL used to
   drive the glitch module (settable which can be configured to be
   anyhwere in the range from 600 MHz to 1200 MHz via
   ``scope.clock.pll.update_fpga_vco()``), but, when the glitch module
   is active, the range will be ``[0, scope.glitch.phase_shift_steps]``.
   \* width

..

   How wide to make the glitch. Can be in the range ``[-50, 50]``,
   though there is no reason to use widths < 0. Wider glitches more
   easily cause glitches, but are also more likely to crash the target,
   meaning we‚Äôll often want to try a range of widths when attacking a
   target.

   Like offset, the range will be
   ``[0, scope.glitch.phase_shift_steps]``.

These settings, on the other hand, are the same between the Husky and the Lite/Pro:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  output

..

   The output produced by the glitch module. For clock glitching,
   clock_xor is often the most useful option, as this inverts the clock
   during the glitch. \* ext_offset

   The number of clock cycles after the trigger to put the glitch. \*
   repeat

..

   The number of clock cycles to repeat the glitch for. Higher values
   increase the number of instructions that can be glitched, but often
   increase the risk of crashing the target.

-  trigger_src

..

   How to trigger the glitch. For this tutorial, we want to
   automatically trigger the glitch from the trigger pin only after
   arming the ChipWhipserer, so we‚Äôll use ``ext_single``

In addition, we‚Äôll need to tell ChipWhipserer to use the glitch module‚Äôs
output as a clock source for the target by setting
``scope.io.hs2 = "glitch"``. We‚Äôll also setup a large ``repeat`` to make
glitching easier.

CW Glitch Controller
--------------------

To make creating a glitch loop easier, ChipWhisperer includes a glitch
controller. We‚Äôll start of by initializing it with different potential
results of the attack. You define these to be whatever you want, but
often three groups are sufficient:

1. ``"success"``, where our glitch had the desired effect
2. ``"reset"``, where our glitch had an undesirable effect. Often, this
   effect is crashing or resetting the target, which is why we‚Äôre
   calling it ``"reset"``
3. ``"normal"``, where you glitch didn‚Äôt have a noticable effect.

We also need to tell it what glitch parameters we want to scan through,
in this case width and offset. We‚Äôll also add a ‚Äútries‚Äù parameter which,
as the name suggests, is just there to try each setting multiple times:


**In [8]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc = cw.GlitchController(groups=["success", "reset", "normal"], parameters=["width", "offset", "ext_offset", "tries"])

One of the niceties of the glitch controller is that it can display our
current settings. This will update in real time as we use the glitch
controller!


**In [9]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.display_stats()


**Out [9]:**


.. parsed-literal::

    IntText(value=0, description='success count:', disabled=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    IntText(value=0, description='reset count:', disabled=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    IntText(value=0, description='normal count:', disabled=True)



.. parsed-literal::

    FloatSlider(value=0.0, continuous_update=False, description='width setting:', disabled=True, max=10.0, readout‚Ä¶



.. parsed-literal::

    FloatSlider(value=0.0, continuous_update=False, description='offset setting:', disabled=True, max=10.0, readou‚Ä¶



.. parsed-literal::

    FloatSlider(value=0.0, continuous_update=False, description='ext_offset setting:', disabled=True, max=10.0, re‚Ä¶



.. parsed-literal::

    FloatSlider(value=0.0, continuous_update=False, description='tries setting:', disabled=True, max=10.0, readout‚Ä¶


We can also make a settings map that can also update in realtime as
well:


**In [10]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.glitch_plot(plotdots={"success":"+g", "reset":"xr", "normal":None})


**Out [10]:**


.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <script type="esms-options">{"shimMode": true}</script><style>*[data-root-id],
    *[data-root-id] > * {
      box-sizing: border-box;
      font-family: var(--jp-ui-font-family);
      font-size: var(--jp-ui-font-size1);
      color: var(--vscode-editor-foreground, var(--jp-ui-font-color1));
    }
    
    /* Override VSCode background color */
    .cell-output-ipywidget-background:has(
        > .cell-output-ipywidget-background > .lm-Widget > *[data-root-id]
      ),
    .cell-output-ipywidget-background:has(> .lm-Widget > *[data-root-id]) {
      background-color: transparent !important;
    }
    </style>
    </div>







.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <div id='1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8'>
      <div id="e9ab725e-7d06-45f4-a992-b9045e2e5503" data-root-id="1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8" style="display: contents;"></div>
    </div>
    <script type="application/javascript">(function(root) {
      var docs_json = {"b07bb828-0c84-4aaf-ae35-a62f5f5305d0":{"version":"3.6.2","title":"Bokeh Application","roots":[{"type":"object","name":"panel.models.browser.BrowserInfo","id":"1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8"},{"type":"object","name":"panel.models.comm_manager.CommManager","id":"07bd0c55-35b1-4c36-bd2c-637717503d90","attributes":{"plot_id":"1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8","comm_id":"0017b532c7bc4ded907c522137133f01","client_comm_id":"a3511108d39e47a08e6b400347b03ffa"}}],"defs":[{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveHTML1"},{"type":"model","name":"FlexBox1","properties":[{"name":"align_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"align_items","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"flex_direction","kind":"Any","default":"row"},{"name":"flex_wrap","kind":"Any","default":"wrap"},{"name":"gap","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"justify_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"}]},{"type":"model","name":"FloatPanel1","properties":[{"name":"config","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"contained","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"right-top"},{"name":"offsetx","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"offsety","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"theme","kind":"Any","default":"primary"},{"name":"status","kind":"Any","default":"normalized"}]},{"type":"model","name":"GridStack1","properties":[{"name":"mode","kind":"Any","default":"warn"},{"name":"ncols","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"nrows","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"allow_resize","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"allow_drag","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"state","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"drag1","properties":[{"name":"slider_width","kind":"Any","default":5},{"name":"slider_color","kind":"Any","default":"black"},{"name":"value","kind":"Any","default":50}]},{"type":"model","name":"click1","properties":[{"name":"terminal_output","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"debug_name","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"clears","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"FastWrapper1","properties":[{"name":"object","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"style","kind":"Any","default":null}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationAreaBase1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationArea1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"notifications","kind":"Any","default":[]},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"types","kind":"Any","default":[{"type":"map","entries":[["type","warning"],["background","#ffc107"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-exclamation-triangle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]},{"type":"map","entries":[["type","info"],["background","#007bff"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-info-circle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]}]}]},{"type":"model","name":"Notification","properties":[{"name":"background","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"duration","kind":"Any","default":3000},{"name":"icon","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"message","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"notification_type","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_destroyed","kind":"Any","default":false}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"BootstrapTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateEditor1","properties":[{"name":"layout","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"MaterialTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveESM1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"JSComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"AnyWidgetComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"request_value1","properties":[{"name":"fill","kind":"Any","default":"none"},{"name":"_synced","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_request_sync","kind":"Any","default":0}]}]}};
      var render_items = [{"docid":"b07bb828-0c84-4aaf-ae35-a62f5f5305d0","roots":{"1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8":"e9ab725e-7d06-45f4-a992-b9045e2e5503"},"root_ids":["1461bcb5-4112-4de6-968a-eaafa1a74dd8"]}];
      var docs = Object.values(docs_json)
      if (!docs) {
        return
      }
      const py_version = docs[0].version.replace('rc', '-rc.').replace('.dev', '-dev.')
      async function embed_document(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        await Bokeh.embed.embed_items_notebook(docs_json, render_items);
        for (const render_item of render_items) {
          for (const root_id of render_item.root_ids) {
    	const id_el = document.getElementById(root_id)
    	if (id_el.children.length && id_el.children[0].hasAttribute('data-root-id')) {
    	  const root_el = id_el.children[0]
    	  root_el.id = root_el.id + '-rendered'
    	  for (const child of root_el.children) {
                // Ensure JupyterLab does not capture keyboard shortcuts
                // see: https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/4.1.x/extension/notebook.html#keyboard-interaction-model
    	    child.setAttribute('data-lm-suppress-shortcuts', 'true')
    	  }
    	}
          }
        }
      }
      function get_bokeh(root) {
        if (root.Bokeh === undefined) {
          return null
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version !== py_version) {
          if (root.Bokeh.versions === undefined || !root.Bokeh.versions.has(py_version)) {
    	return null
          }
          return root.Bokeh.versions.get(py_version);
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version === py_version) {
          return root.Bokeh
        }
        return null
      }
      function is_loaded(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        return (Bokeh != null && Bokeh.Panel !== undefined)
      }
      if (is_loaded(root)) {
        embed_document(root);
      } else {
        var attempts = 0;
        var timer = setInterval(function(root) {
          if (is_loaded(root)) {
            clearInterval(timer);
            embed_document(root);
          } else if (document.readyState == "complete") {
            attempts++;
            if (attempts > 200) {
              clearInterval(timer);
    	  var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
    	  if (Bokeh == null || Bokeh.Panel == null) {
                console.warn("Panel: ERROR: Unable to run Panel code because Bokeh or Panel library is missing");
    	  } else {
    	    console.warn("Panel: WARNING: Attempting to render but not all required libraries could be resolved.")
    	    embed_document(root)
    	  }
            }
          }
        }, 25, root)
      }
    })(window);</script>
    </div>






.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <div id='0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e'>
      <div id="c5246087-9e4c-4d8e-9d2d-3fa3c862256d" data-root-id="0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e" style="display: contents;"></div>
    </div>
    <script type="application/javascript">(function(root) {
      var docs_json = {"4ee7c9ca-fe00-4e62-a97b-836b14193d8a":{"version":"3.6.2","title":"Bokeh Application","roots":[{"type":"object","name":"Row","id":"0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e","attributes":{"name":"Row00289","stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"47060be3-169a-43ea-a23e-76a704cf67e2","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/css/loading.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"37ce68fc-035d-45e3-ad5d-e295f498bd46","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/css/listpanel.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"5ef6d3ac-3565-4b7f-b661-0d7fa1216b8f","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/bundled/theme/default.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"2df19a00-0aa6-41bf-aa0e-d3c08c22de25","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/bundled/theme/native.css"}}],"min_width":800,"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start","children":[{"type":"object","name":"Spacer","id":"0e3edafe-afac-4edc-8db9-238c5c46d347","attributes":{"name":"HSpacer00293","stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"id":"47060be3-169a-43ea-a23e-76a704cf67e2"},{"id":"5ef6d3ac-3565-4b7f-b661-0d7fa1216b8f"},{"id":"2df19a00-0aa6-41bf-aa0e-d3c08c22de25"}],"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start"}},{"type":"object","name":"Figure","id":"bea71d69-0753-45c7-86b0-b97df4656f26","attributes":{"js_event_callbacks":{"type":"map","entries":[["reset",[{"type":"object","name":"CustomJS","id":"03fd3f45-06c7-4502-a933-9b6e923de5fe","attributes":{"code":"export default (_, cb_obj) => { cb_obj.origin.hold_render = false }"}}]]]},"subscribed_events":{"type":"set","entries":["reset","rangesupdate"]},"width":800,"margin":[5,10],"sizing_mode":"fixed","align":"start","x_range":{"type":"object","name":"Range1d","id":"deaea014-5c0b-4eba-ba39-70940722a1df","attributes":{"name":"width","tags":[[["width",null]],[]]}},"y_range":{"type":"object","name":"Range1d","id":"223b0a37-8f3a-4289-a974-bcafddc67980","attributes":{"name":"offset","tags":[[["offset",null]],{"type":"map","entries":[["invert_yaxis",false],["autorange",false]]}]}},"x_scale":{"type":"object","name":"LinearScale","id":"98f812dc-5186-4e09-ad30-2189facce539"},"y_scale":{"type":"object","name":"LinearScale","id":"104e959c-3fe3-463c-93fe-b1f8e2425dc5"},"title":{"type":"object","name":"Title","id":"caef5d5c-2aad-451d-82ba-b08e37522d72","attributes":{"text_color":"black","text_font_size":"12pt"}},"renderers":[{"type":"object","name":"GlyphRenderer","id":"40d11632-73e0-4de8-a2ba-f96a615ef48b","attributes":{"data_source":{"type":"object","name":"ColumnDataSource","id":"03af00c5-0f89-44e3-8225-aa5851611083","attributes":{"selected":{"type":"object","name":"Selection","id":"13edc57b-1435-461b-b5cb-9b5a36b1d072","attributes":{"indices":[],"line_indices":[]}},"selection_policy":{"type":"object","name":"UnionRenderers","id":"273f6d67-7021-4e0d-a681-9ec11239750b"},"data":{"type":"map","entries":[["width",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}],["offset",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}]]}}},"view":{"type":"object","name":"CDSView","id":"2f33a166-70f6-4809-8dd5-19a11df9fe2d","attributes":{"filter":{"type":"object","name":"AllIndices","id":"0e5b4892-13ef-4ddc-aef1-85e96447c1f8"}}},"glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"6c67bc89-d4c9-4027-9bd3-13368dd409a0","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"selection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"a2b64d26-b726-4e64-b702-d7af2c428b7d","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.0},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"line_width":{"type":"value","value":1},"line_join":{"type":"value","value":"bevel"},"line_cap":{"type":"value","value":"butt"},"line_dash":{"type":"value","value":[]},"line_dash_offset":{"type":"value","value":0},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_scale":{"type":"value","value":12.0},"hatch_pattern":{"type":"value","value":null},"hatch_weight":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"nonselection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"9e6b70ef-e9b6-49f3-8965-f5a6c2478def","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"muted_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"1f7e956a-5d50-420a-9418-e8c9161d8c06","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}}}},{"type":"object","name":"GlyphRenderer","id":"474170cc-1a31-4bca-abbd-d10c33230994","attributes":{"data_source":{"type":"object","name":"ColumnDataSource","id":"9282b2b5-5b59-4621-97f5-d4c06196d1aa","attributes":{"selected":{"type":"object","name":"Selection","id":"99614925-eb93-4c01-a5dd-57bbe94e15ee","attributes":{"indices":[],"line_indices":[]}},"selection_policy":{"type":"object","name":"UnionRenderers","id":"ad8b8584-acb8-4147-a5c6-a43b549480e2"},"data":{"type":"map","entries":[["width",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}],["offset",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}]]}}},"view":{"type":"object","name":"CDSView","id":"89455bc8-83d4-4a10-a02c-d1e1780bb2dd","attributes":{"filter":{"type":"object","name":"AllIndices","id":"799ec5c8-5d9a-4e63-ad14-026acca8bf9e"}}},"glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"9c10d425-54ae-4ab1-9165-ea810d7cbdc3","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"selection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"397dc706-2caf-4d79-90f4-72d2710f66b6","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"line_width":{"type":"value","value":1},"line_join":{"type":"value","value":"bevel"},"line_cap":{"type":"value","value":"butt"},"line_dash":{"type":"value","value":[]},"line_dash_offset":{"type":"value","value":0},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_scale":{"type":"value","value":12.0},"hatch_pattern":{"type":"value","value":null},"hatch_weight":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"nonselection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"efee9212-1ec1-400a-a31f-f01ce31a833e","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"muted_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"6919316a-0dae-464f-99b5-e8f542515c0e","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}}}}],"toolbar":{"type":"object","name":"Toolbar","id":"b0edcfa1-6d24-4bce-9769-83b701506fac","attributes":{"tools":[{"type":"object","name":"WheelZoomTool","id":"9d38a1bf-cb9b-4233-bc1b-7c70e244bba4","attributes":{"tags":["hv_created"],"renderers":"auto","zoom_together":"none"}},{"type":"object","name":"HoverTool","id":"9018bc45-0fda-4fd3-a073-fdfc2861ec3e","attributes":{"tags":["hv_created"],"renderers":[{"id":"40d11632-73e0-4de8-a2ba-f96a615ef48b"},{"id":"474170cc-1a31-4bca-abbd-d10c33230994"}],"tooltips":[["width","@{width}"],["offset","@{offset}"]]}},{"type":"object","name":"SaveTool","id":"d9c91476-f7c2-4922-943a-0a634b4bae01"},{"type":"object","name":"PanTool","id":"9ba8a4ec-d185-468a-ae52-c851b46dc9f0"},{"type":"object","name":"BoxZoomTool","id":"77f90628-7e48-4ba5-a571-f847395834ac","attributes":{"overlay":{"type":"object","name":"BoxAnnotation","id":"1b9ae759-ca33-4f71-9613-63c8c0f6e369","attributes":{"syncable":false,"line_color":"black","line_alpha":1.0,"line_width":2,"line_dash":[4,4],"fill_color":"lightgrey","fill_alpha":0.5,"level":"overlay","visible":false,"left":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"right":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"top":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"bottom":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"left_units":"canvas","right_units":"canvas","top_units":"canvas","bottom_units":"canvas","handles":{"type":"object","name":"BoxInteractionHandles","id":"3a6c76f3-00e6-4c00-85c6-31fc8c2d0f9f","attributes":{"all":{"type":"object","name":"AreaVisuals","id":"1157613e-353c-4fe1-9926-59e50e1129a8","attributes":{"fill_color":"white","hover_fill_color":"lightgray"}}}}}}}},{"type":"object","name":"ResetTool","id":"64c469e6-d815-49db-b510-3f4bf3a33c2a"}],"active_drag":{"id":"9ba8a4ec-d185-468a-ae52-c851b46dc9f0"},"active_scroll":{"id":"9d38a1bf-cb9b-4233-bc1b-7c70e244bba4"}}},"left":[{"type":"object","name":"LinearAxis","id":"9be17329-29c9-4aa4-b031-b518bd42cf7f","attributes":{"ticker":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTicker","id":"d9dad735-8e75-4a91-802e-298a3ccc75a6","attributes":{"mantissas":[1,2,5]}},"formatter":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTickFormatter","id":"218ad485-1a99-4142-b1d1-2c471ab2228f"},"axis_label":"offset","major_label_policy":{"type":"object","name":"AllLabels","id":"eaa7122a-126b-46a2-b0f3-4554cd632568"}}}],"below":[{"type":"object","name":"LinearAxis","id":"c3440e27-7d6f-44e7-95b5-7b689aba07b6","attributes":{"ticker":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTicker","id":"37c594d5-e7f1-4910-ae13-e33d0f65ff7a","attributes":{"mantissas":[1,2,5]}},"formatter":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTickFormatter","id":"880b81b0-7c1a-430b-808f-8be3a74a71fe"},"axis_label":"width","major_label_policy":{"type":"object","name":"AllLabels","id":"2da3c940-b962-4380-8516-4503f004db21"}}}],"center":[{"type":"object","name":"Grid","id":"1de0c3b9-476c-4d7d-8f52-02f158e170f0","attributes":{"axis":{"id":"c3440e27-7d6f-44e7-95b5-7b689aba07b6"},"grid_line_color":null}},{"type":"object","name":"Grid","id":"7083c59f-bfa5-4e73-bc8c-9a9972874aae","attributes":{"dimension":1,"axis":{"id":"9be17329-29c9-4aa4-b031-b518bd42cf7f"},"grid_line_color":null}}],"min_border_top":10,"min_border_bottom":10,"min_border_left":10,"min_border_right":10,"output_backend":"webgl"}},{"type":"object","name":"Spacer","id":"71f79feb-95b8-4316-836b-a65bb8eb6aec","attributes":{"name":"HSpacer00294","stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"id":"47060be3-169a-43ea-a23e-76a704cf67e2"},{"id":"5ef6d3ac-3565-4b7f-b661-0d7fa1216b8f"},{"id":"2df19a00-0aa6-41bf-aa0e-d3c08c22de25"}],"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start"}}]}},{"type":"object","name":"panel.models.comm_manager.CommManager","id":"5b2f06c4-39a0-4456-bae5-964db1a0a172","attributes":{"plot_id":"0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e","comm_id":"c498e821001c4319ba2559aef7d120f6","client_comm_id":"96a6346c9d464de28a364d35c0db12e4"}}],"defs":[{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveHTML1"},{"type":"model","name":"FlexBox1","properties":[{"name":"align_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"align_items","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"flex_direction","kind":"Any","default":"row"},{"name":"flex_wrap","kind":"Any","default":"wrap"},{"name":"gap","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"justify_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"}]},{"type":"model","name":"FloatPanel1","properties":[{"name":"config","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"contained","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"right-top"},{"name":"offsetx","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"offsety","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"theme","kind":"Any","default":"primary"},{"name":"status","kind":"Any","default":"normalized"}]},{"type":"model","name":"GridStack1","properties":[{"name":"mode","kind":"Any","default":"warn"},{"name":"ncols","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"nrows","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"allow_resize","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"allow_drag","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"state","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"drag1","properties":[{"name":"slider_width","kind":"Any","default":5},{"name":"slider_color","kind":"Any","default":"black"},{"name":"value","kind":"Any","default":50}]},{"type":"model","name":"click1","properties":[{"name":"terminal_output","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"debug_name","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"clears","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"FastWrapper1","properties":[{"name":"object","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"style","kind":"Any","default":null}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationAreaBase1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationArea1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"notifications","kind":"Any","default":[]},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"types","kind":"Any","default":[{"type":"map","entries":[["type","warning"],["background","#ffc107"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-exclamation-triangle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]},{"type":"map","entries":[["type","info"],["background","#007bff"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-info-circle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]}]}]},{"type":"model","name":"Notification","properties":[{"name":"background","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"duration","kind":"Any","default":3000},{"name":"icon","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"message","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"notification_type","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_destroyed","kind":"Any","default":false}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"BootstrapTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateEditor1","properties":[{"name":"layout","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"MaterialTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveESM1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"JSComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"AnyWidgetComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"request_value1","properties":[{"name":"fill","kind":"Any","default":"none"},{"name":"_synced","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_request_sync","kind":"Any","default":0}]}]}};
      var render_items = [{"docid":"4ee7c9ca-fe00-4e62-a97b-836b14193d8a","roots":{"0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e":"c5246087-9e4c-4d8e-9d2d-3fa3c862256d"},"root_ids":["0c6e0464-6f15-4c7a-af7b-2d26a3cb6e8e"]}];
      var docs = Object.values(docs_json)
      if (!docs) {
        return
      }
      const py_version = docs[0].version.replace('rc', '-rc.').replace('.dev', '-dev.')
      async function embed_document(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        await Bokeh.embed.embed_items_notebook(docs_json, render_items);
        for (const render_item of render_items) {
          for (const root_id of render_item.root_ids) {
    	const id_el = document.getElementById(root_id)
    	if (id_el.children.length && id_el.children[0].hasAttribute('data-root-id')) {
    	  const root_el = id_el.children[0]
    	  root_el.id = root_el.id + '-rendered'
    	  for (const child of root_el.children) {
                // Ensure JupyterLab does not capture keyboard shortcuts
                // see: https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/4.1.x/extension/notebook.html#keyboard-interaction-model
    	    child.setAttribute('data-lm-suppress-shortcuts', 'true')
    	  }
    	}
          }
        }
      }
      function get_bokeh(root) {
        if (root.Bokeh === undefined) {
          return null
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version !== py_version) {
          if (root.Bokeh.versions === undefined || !root.Bokeh.versions.has(py_version)) {
    	return null
          }
          return root.Bokeh.versions.get(py_version);
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version === py_version) {
          return root.Bokeh
        }
        return null
      }
      function is_loaded(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        return (Bokeh != null && Bokeh.Panel !== undefined)
      }
      if (is_loaded(root)) {
        embed_document(root);
      } else {
        var attempts = 0;
        var timer = setInterval(function(root) {
          if (is_loaded(root)) {
            clearInterval(timer);
            embed_document(root);
          } else if (document.readyState == "complete") {
            attempts++;
            if (attempts > 200) {
              clearInterval(timer);
    	  var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
    	  if (Bokeh == null || Bokeh.Panel == null) {
                console.warn("Panel: ERROR: Unable to run Panel code because Bokeh or Panel library is missing");
    	  } else {
    	    console.warn("Panel: WARNING: Attempting to render but not all required libraries could be resolved.")
    	    embed_document(root)
    	  }
            }
          }
        }, 25, root)
      }
    })(window);</script>
    </div>



Here ``plotdots`` is a dictionary that specifies how you want to plot
each group. In this case, we‚Äôre plotting ``"success"`` as a green ``+``
(``"+g"``), ``"reset"`` as a red ``x`` (``"xr"``), and we won‚Äôt be
plotting glitch attempts where nothing abnormal happens (``None``)

This plot will auto update its bounds as points are added. If you want
to specify the axis bounds, you can do so as follows:

.. code:: python

   gc.glitch_plot(plotdots={"success":"+g", "reset":"xr", "normal":None}, x_bound=(-48, 48), y_bound=(-48, 48))

You can also select which parameters you want to use for x and y, either
by index, or by its name:

.. code:: python

   # will flip width and offset axes
   gc.glitch_plot(plotdots={"success":"+g", "reset":"xr", "normal":None}, x_index=1, y_index=0)
   # or
   gc.glitch_plot(plotdots={"success":"+g", "reset":"xr", "normal":None}, x_index="offset", y_index="width")

You can set ranges for each glitch setting:


**In [11]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.set_range("width", -5, 5)
    gc.set_range("offset", -5, 5)

Each setting moves from min to max based on the global step:


**In [12]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.set_global_step([5.0, 2.5])

We can print out all the glitch settings to see how this looks:


**In [13]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    for glitch_setting in gc.glitch_values():
        print("offset: {:4.1f}; width: {:4.1f}".format(glitch_setting[1], glitch_setting[0]))


**Out [13]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset: -2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  0.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  2.5; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset:  5.0; width: -5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset: -2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  0.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  2.5; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset:  5.0; width: -2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  0.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset: -2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  0.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  2.5; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset:  5.0; width:  2.5
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset: -2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  0.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  2.5; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0
    offset:  5.0; width:  5.0



You can tell the glitch controller when you‚Äôve reached a particular
result state like so:


**In [14]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    #gc.add("reset", (scope.glitch.width, scope.glitch.offset)) or simply gc.add("reset")
    #gc.add("success", (scope.glitch.width, scope.glitch.offset)) or simply gc.add("success")

As of ChipWhisperer 5.7, you can skip the glitch width and glitch offset
parameters. In this case, the glitch controller will use its internal
values for the coordinates. Note that due to rounding, this will usually
be a bit different from the actual hardware value on the Lite/Pro;
however, the values will still correspond to the correct settings on
your ChipWhisperer.

We‚Äôll start off with the following settings. It‚Äôs usually best to use
‚Äúclock_xor‚Äù with clock glitching, which will insert a glitch if the
clock is high or the clock is low.

For CW-Husky, we must first explicitly turn on the glitch circuitry (it
is off by default for power savings):


**In [15]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    if scope._is_husky:
        scope.glitch.enabled = True

We‚Äôll start off with the following settings. It‚Äôs usually best to use
‚Äúclock_xor‚Äù with clock glitching, which will insert a glitch if the
clock is high or the clock is low.


**In [16]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    #Basic setup
    # set glitch clock
    if scope._is_husky:
        scope.glitch.clk_src = "pll"
    else:
        scope.glitch.clk_src = "clkgen" 
    
    scope.glitch.output = "clock_xor" # glitch_out = clk ^ glitch
    scope.glitch.trigger_src = "ext_single" # glitch only after scope.arm() called
    
    scope.io.hs2 = "glitch"  # output glitch_out on the clock line
    print(scope.glitch)


**Out [16]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    enabled           = True
    num\_glitches      = 1
    clk\_src           = pll
    mmcm\_locked       = True
    width             = 0
    offset            = 0
    trigger\_src       = ext\_single
    arm\_timing        = after\_scope
    ext\_offset        = 0
    repeat            = 1
    output            = clock\_xor
    phase\_shift\_steps = 4592
    



These settings are often a good starting point for all clock glitching,
so, new with ChipWhisperer 5.7, we‚Äôve got a method that sets all of this
up for you:


**In [17]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    scope.cglitch_setup()


**Out [17]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    scope.clock.extclk\_tolerance             changed from 13096723.705530167        to 149880108.32439613       
    scope.io.hs2                             changed from glitch                    to clkgen                   
    scope.glitch.enabled                     changed from True                      to False                    
    scope.glitch.mmcm\_locked                 changed from True                      to False                    



You should have all you need to construct your glitch loop. We‚Äôll get
you started, but the rest is up to you! Also, some stuff to keep in
mind:

-  You‚Äôll need to detect crashes, successful glitches, and normal
   returns from the target. Don‚Äôt be afraid to experiment with the loop:
   you can always restart it and rerun the code.
-  You can cover a larger set of glitch settings by starting with large
   glitch controller steps to get idea where some interesting locations
   are, then repeating the glitch loop with small steps in interesting
   areas. Where there‚Äôs one successful glitch, there‚Äôs probably more!
-  You can speed up your glitch campaign substantially by only plotting
   crashes and successes, since they‚Äôre typically much rarer than normal
   behaviour in the target
-  On CW-Husky, glitch offset and width are specified in number of phase
   shift steps, whereas on CW-Lite/Pro, they are specified in percentage
   of clock period. The code provided below sets appropriate starting
   ranges for each case. Run ``help(scope.glitch)`` to understand this
   better.


**In [18]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    from tqdm.notebook import trange
    import struct
    
    # width and offset numbers have a very different meaning for Husky vs Lite/Pro;
    # see help(scope.glitch) for details
    num_tries = 1
    gc.set_range("tries", 1, num_tries)
    if scope._is_husky:
        gc.set_range("width", 0, scope.glitch.phase_shift_steps//2)
        gc.set_range("offset", 0, scope.glitch.phase_shift_steps)
        gc.set_global_step([100]) # reduce if you don't get any glitches
        scope.adc.lo_gain_errors_disabled = True
        scope.adc.clip_errors_disabled = True
    else:
        gc.set_range("width", 0, 48)
        gc.set_range("offset", -48, 48)
        gc.set_global_step([8, 4, 2, 1])
        
    scope.glitch.repeat = 1
    gc.set_step("tries", 1)
    scope.adc.timeout = 0.1
    gc.set_range("ext_offset", 0, 40)
    gc.set_step("ext_offset", 1)
    
    reboot_flush()
    broken = False
    for glitch_setting in gc.glitch_values():
        scope.glitch.offset = glitch_setting[1]
        scope.glitch.width = glitch_setting[0]
        scope.glitch.ext_offset = glitch_setting[2]
        # ###################
        # Add your code here
        # ###################
        #raise NotImplementedError("Add your code here, and delete this.")
    
        # ###################
        # START SOLUTION
        # ###################
        if scope.adc.state:
            # can detect crash here (fast) before timing out (slow)
            print("Trigger still high!")
            gc.add("reset")
    
            #Device is slow to boot?
            reboot_flush()
    
        scope.arm()
    
        #Do glitch loop
        target.simpleserial_write('g', bytearray([]))
    
        ret = scope.capture()
        
        loff = scope.glitch.offset
        lwid = scope.glitch.width
    
        if ret:
            print('Timeout - no trigger')
            gc.add("reset")
    
            #Device is slow to boot?
            reboot_flush()
    
        else:
            val = target.simpleserial_read_witherrors('r', 4, glitch_timeout=10, timeout=50)#For loop check
            if val['valid'] is False:
                gc.add("reset")
            else:
    
                #print(val['payload'])
                if val['payload'] is None:
                    print(val['payload'])
                    continue #what
                #gcnt = struct.unpack("<b", val['payload'])[0] #for code-flow check
                gcnt = struct.unpack("<I", val['payload'])[0]
    
                #print(gcnt)                
                # for table display purposes
                #if gnt != 0: #for code-flow check
                if gcnt != 2500: #for loop check
                    broken = True
                    gc.add("success")
                    print(val['payload'])
                    print("üêô", end="")
                    break # <-- remove this to try for multiple glitches
                else:
                    gc.add("normal")
        # ###################
        # END SOLUTION
        # ###################
    
    print("Done glitching")


**Out [18]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    Trigger still high!





.. parsed-literal::

    (ChipWhisperer Target WARNING\|File SimpleSerial2.py:514) Unexpected start to command 114
    (ChipWhisperer Target ERROR\|File SimpleSerial2.py:288) Device reported error 0xc4
    (ChipWhisperer Target ERROR\|File SimpleSerial2.py:290) CWbytearray(b'00 72 04 c4 09 00 00 15 00')





.. parsed-literal::

    CWbytearray(b'39 07 00 38')
    üêôDone glitching



Results
~~~~~~~

In addition to plotting, the glitch controller also has the capability
to return results as a list that groups paramters and results. These
results give both the number of each result, as well as the rate of each
result:


**In [19]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.calc()


**Out [19]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    [((0, 0, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 4, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 30, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 31, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 32, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 33, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 34, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 35, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 36, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 37, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 38, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 39, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 40, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 1, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 2, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 3, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 1.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 4, 1),
      {'total': 2,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 0.5,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 0.5}),
     ((0, 2300, 5, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 6, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 7, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 8, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 9, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 10, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 11, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 12, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 13, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 14, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 15, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 16, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 17, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 18, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 19, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 20, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 21, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 22, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 23, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 24, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 25, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 26, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 27, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 28, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 29, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 1,
       'success_rate': 1.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0})]



You can also get results back with some parameters ignored. Results from
parameters that now match will be grouped. This is particularly useful
with something like the ``"tries"`` parameter, as you don‚Äôt typically
care whether a glitch was successful on your first, second, or third
attempt:


**In [20]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    results = gc.calc(ignore_params="tries")
    results


**Out [20]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    [((0, 0, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 1.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 4),
      {'total': 2,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 0.5,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 0.5}),
     ((0, 2300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 1,
       'success_rate': 1.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0})]



Finally, ``calc()`` can also sort by different results. A common use for
this is to sort by success rate:


**In [21]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    results = gc.calc(ignore_params="tries", sort="success_rate")
    results


**Out [21]:**



.. parsed-literal::

    [((0, 2300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 1,
       'success_rate': 1.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 4),
      {'total': 2,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 0.5,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 0.5}),
     ((0, 2300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 1,
       'reset_rate': 1.0,
       'normal': 0,
       'normal_rate': 0.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 2000, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1900, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1800, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1700, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1600, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1500, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1400, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 1000, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 900, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 800, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 700, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 600, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 500, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 400, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 300, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 200, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 100, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 40),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 39),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 38),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 37),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 36),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 35),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 34),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 33),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 32),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 31),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 30),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 29),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 28),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 27),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 26),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 25),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 24),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 23),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 22),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 21),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 20),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 19),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 18),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 17),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 16),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 15),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 14),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 13),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 12),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 11),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 10),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 9),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 8),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 7),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 6),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 5),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 4),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 3),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 2),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 1),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0}),
     ((0, 0, 0),
      {'total': 1,
       'success': 0,
       'success_rate': 0.0,
       'reset': 0,
       'reset_rate': 0.0,
       'normal': 1,
       'normal_rate': 1.0})]



Plotting Glitch Results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We can replot our glitch map using the ``plot_2d()`` method. Settings
are similar to ``glitch_plot()``. If ``plotdots`` are not specified, the
same ones as the ``glitch_plot()`` will be used.

``plot_2d()`` also has the advantage of displaying an alpha channel. The
hover tool, which allows you to see the coordinates by mousing over a
plot point, has a separate button for each group on the right toolbar.
This allows you to see, for example, only the hover information for
successes by turning the reset hover off. The hover tool will also show
the rate of occurrence for the group.


**In [22]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    gc.plot_2d()


**Out [22]:**


.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <script type="esms-options">{"shimMode": true}</script><style>*[data-root-id],
    *[data-root-id] > * {
      box-sizing: border-box;
      font-family: var(--jp-ui-font-family);
      font-size: var(--jp-ui-font-size1);
      color: var(--vscode-editor-foreground, var(--jp-ui-font-color1));
    }
    
    /* Override VSCode background color */
    .cell-output-ipywidget-background:has(
        > .cell-output-ipywidget-background > .lm-Widget > *[data-root-id]
      ),
    .cell-output-ipywidget-background:has(> .lm-Widget > *[data-root-id]) {
      background-color: transparent !important;
    }
    </style>
    </div>







.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <div id='cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192'>
      <div id="ca57ef83-a206-43ff-b691-418b4e17f4f9" data-root-id="cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192" style="display: contents;"></div>
    </div>
    <script type="application/javascript">(function(root) {
      var docs_json = {"13d44287-d682-45be-a7bc-943009235e69":{"version":"3.6.2","title":"Bokeh Application","roots":[{"type":"object","name":"panel.models.browser.BrowserInfo","id":"cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192"},{"type":"object","name":"panel.models.comm_manager.CommManager","id":"2c7fda46-0e19-4731-bf42-9e66ad2eaad4","attributes":{"plot_id":"cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192","comm_id":"6731a3e6188a4bf39f52d4c32cba0b44","client_comm_id":"ec140fe621e2446ba8c0d65907d0b02c"}}],"defs":[{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveHTML1"},{"type":"model","name":"FlexBox1","properties":[{"name":"align_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"align_items","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"flex_direction","kind":"Any","default":"row"},{"name":"flex_wrap","kind":"Any","default":"wrap"},{"name":"gap","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"justify_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"}]},{"type":"model","name":"FloatPanel1","properties":[{"name":"config","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"contained","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"right-top"},{"name":"offsetx","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"offsety","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"theme","kind":"Any","default":"primary"},{"name":"status","kind":"Any","default":"normalized"}]},{"type":"model","name":"GridStack1","properties":[{"name":"mode","kind":"Any","default":"warn"},{"name":"ncols","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"nrows","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"allow_resize","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"allow_drag","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"state","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"drag1","properties":[{"name":"slider_width","kind":"Any","default":5},{"name":"slider_color","kind":"Any","default":"black"},{"name":"value","kind":"Any","default":50}]},{"type":"model","name":"click1","properties":[{"name":"terminal_output","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"debug_name","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"clears","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"FastWrapper1","properties":[{"name":"object","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"style","kind":"Any","default":null}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationAreaBase1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationArea1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"notifications","kind":"Any","default":[]},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"types","kind":"Any","default":[{"type":"map","entries":[["type","warning"],["background","#ffc107"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-exclamation-triangle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]},{"type":"map","entries":[["type","info"],["background","#007bff"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-info-circle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]}]}]},{"type":"model","name":"Notification","properties":[{"name":"background","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"duration","kind":"Any","default":3000},{"name":"icon","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"message","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"notification_type","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_destroyed","kind":"Any","default":false}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"BootstrapTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateEditor1","properties":[{"name":"layout","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"MaterialTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveESM1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"JSComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"AnyWidgetComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"request_value1","properties":[{"name":"fill","kind":"Any","default":"none"},{"name":"_synced","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_request_sync","kind":"Any","default":0}]}]}};
      var render_items = [{"docid":"13d44287-d682-45be-a7bc-943009235e69","roots":{"cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192":"ca57ef83-a206-43ff-b691-418b4e17f4f9"},"root_ids":["cb72872b-15ea-4fa5-a76c-4eae22d53192"]}];
      var docs = Object.values(docs_json)
      if (!docs) {
        return
      }
      const py_version = docs[0].version.replace('rc', '-rc.').replace('.dev', '-dev.')
      async function embed_document(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        await Bokeh.embed.embed_items_notebook(docs_json, render_items);
        for (const render_item of render_items) {
          for (const root_id of render_item.root_ids) {
    	const id_el = document.getElementById(root_id)
    	if (id_el.children.length && id_el.children[0].hasAttribute('data-root-id')) {
    	  const root_el = id_el.children[0]
    	  root_el.id = root_el.id + '-rendered'
    	  for (const child of root_el.children) {
                // Ensure JupyterLab does not capture keyboard shortcuts
                // see: https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/4.1.x/extension/notebook.html#keyboard-interaction-model
    	    child.setAttribute('data-lm-suppress-shortcuts', 'true')
    	  }
    	}
          }
        }
      }
      function get_bokeh(root) {
        if (root.Bokeh === undefined) {
          return null
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version !== py_version) {
          if (root.Bokeh.versions === undefined || !root.Bokeh.versions.has(py_version)) {
    	return null
          }
          return root.Bokeh.versions.get(py_version);
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version === py_version) {
          return root.Bokeh
        }
        return null
      }
      function is_loaded(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        return (Bokeh != null && Bokeh.Panel !== undefined)
      }
      if (is_loaded(root)) {
        embed_document(root);
      } else {
        var attempts = 0;
        var timer = setInterval(function(root) {
          if (is_loaded(root)) {
            clearInterval(timer);
            embed_document(root);
          } else if (document.readyState == "complete") {
            attempts++;
            if (attempts > 200) {
              clearInterval(timer);
    	  var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
    	  if (Bokeh == null || Bokeh.Panel == null) {
                console.warn("Panel: ERROR: Unable to run Panel code because Bokeh or Panel library is missing");
    	  } else {
    	    console.warn("Panel: WARNING: Attempting to render but not all required libraries could be resolved.")
    	    embed_document(root)
    	  }
            }
          }
        }, 25, root)
      }
    })(window);</script>
    </div>




.. parsed-literal::

    [0, 1, 2, 3]
    ['width', 'offset']
    (0, 0)







.. raw:: html

    <div class="data_html">
        <div id='8e67ba12-7cdd-402b-9134-03e2c38aae30'>
      <div id="bffffde5-57b2-42be-a92b-382a7fc14b6c" data-root-id="8e67ba12-7cdd-402b-9134-03e2c38aae30" style="display: contents;"></div>
    </div>
    <script type="application/javascript">(function(root) {
      var docs_json = {"7660945e-87ac-4a2f-86d0-e38d437d9092":{"version":"3.6.2","title":"Bokeh Application","roots":[{"type":"object","name":"Row","id":"8e67ba12-7cdd-402b-9134-03e2c38aae30","attributes":{"name":"Row00567","tags":["embedded"],"stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"f59a509b-1178-41ff-b10f-11070a52763f","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/css/loading.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"517cc0a2-a417-43e9-864c-f5ebf16cec26","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/css/listpanel.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"6d892886-7243-4bd2-b75f-6551529df1d3","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/bundled/theme/default.css"}},{"type":"object","name":"ImportedStyleSheet","id":"9b89fd69-44c1-41fb-81ad-2ff8ad51474d","attributes":{"url":"https://cdn.holoviz.org/panel/1.5.4/dist/bundled/theme/native.css"}}],"min_width":800,"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start","children":[{"type":"object","name":"Spacer","id":"cac4dbb1-cf7d-4020-9bfb-e8eb5501461d","attributes":{"name":"HSpacer00571","stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"id":"f59a509b-1178-41ff-b10f-11070a52763f"},{"id":"6d892886-7243-4bd2-b75f-6551529df1d3"},{"id":"9b89fd69-44c1-41fb-81ad-2ff8ad51474d"}],"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start"}},{"type":"object","name":"Figure","id":"0441cf71-4a64-4549-bc05-0038e5fc6afb","attributes":{"width":800,"margin":[5,10],"sizing_mode":"fixed","align":"start","x_range":{"type":"object","name":"Range1d","id":"fbcefccb-4165-4ed9-bc43-722c59808cc7","attributes":{"name":"Width","tags":[[["Width",null]],[]],"start":-1.15,"end":1.15,"reset_start":-1.15,"reset_end":1.15}},"y_range":{"type":"object","name":"Range1d","id":"15d2f679-348d-4674-b99e-cc8b9815fe08","attributes":{"name":"Offset","tags":[[["Offset",null]],{"type":"map","entries":[["invert_yaxis",false],["autorange",false]]}],"start":2298.8,"end":2301.2,"reset_start":2298.8,"reset_end":2301.2}},"x_scale":{"type":"object","name":"LinearScale","id":"3e151e62-3311-454f-94db-1923e2134aa0"},"y_scale":{"type":"object","name":"LinearScale","id":"e17a43eb-e019-4a7d-996a-0afc26697581"},"title":{"type":"object","name":"Title","id":"f12aeec9-2899-4f12-832a-3872284cc63d","attributes":{"text_color":"black","text_font_size":"12pt"}},"renderers":[{"type":"object","name":"GlyphRenderer","id":"138b9e9b-ff58-4608-bdf0-f5f6fdcec141","attributes":{"data_source":{"type":"object","name":"ColumnDataSource","id":"754267bd-db23-4736-af9d-e92d9958597d","attributes":{"selected":{"type":"object","name":"Selection","id":"2e315d9a-9bfe-49fb-bcd4-9dc7a6090890","attributes":{"indices":[],"line_indices":[]}},"selection_policy":{"type":"object","name":"UnionRenderers","id":"8e1f7416-e7c5-48ed-978c-1168ce5448a7"},"data":{"type":"map","entries":[["Width",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}],["Offset",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":""},"shape":[0],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}]]}}},"view":{"type":"object","name":"CDSView","id":"d6b403f3-2930-4728-9b20-4f3704f60400","attributes":{"filter":{"type":"object","name":"AllIndices","id":"35d7ee8f-784b-4186-a6d8-902bfa3827f8"}}},"glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"dd541882-29d4-4085-a21e-7235c9a7af86","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"Width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"Offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":2.449489742783178},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"}}},"selection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"38c07366-4235-4e31-ba47-c32d228ab6ac","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"Width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"Offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":2.449489742783178},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.0},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"line_width":{"type":"value","value":1},"line_join":{"type":"value","value":"bevel"},"line_cap":{"type":"value","value":"butt"},"line_dash":{"type":"value","value":[]},"line_dash_offset":{"type":"value","value":0},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"hatch_scale":{"type":"value","value":12.0},"hatch_pattern":{"type":"value","value":null},"hatch_weight":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"circle"}}},"nonselection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"ce437084-2494-4095-8fc9-2acdc50e4911","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"Width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"Offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":2.449489742783178},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1}}},"muted_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"8716f6bf-9336-427d-9474-89f5fada6a09","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"Width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"Offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":2.449489742783178},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#30a2da"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2}}}}},{"type":"object","name":"GlyphRenderer","id":"8c22831c-2d55-43b8-9723-489ff1c07dff","attributes":{"name":"Success","data_source":{"type":"object","name":"ColumnDataSource","id":"03df331b-af88-42cb-a841-e84a6b4a0281","attributes":{"selected":{"type":"object","name":"Selection","id":"b1cb9c4d-4ae5-4aea-b88b-b1cafff91cfa","attributes":{"indices":[],"line_indices":[]}},"selection_policy":{"type":"object","name":"UnionRenderers","id":"bb405955-0530-4034-9faa-4ab9e5a1a078"},"data":{"type":"map","entries":[["width",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"AAAAAA=="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"int32","order":"little"}],["offset",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"/AgAAA=="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"int32","order":"little"}],["success_rate",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"hBBCCCGEoD8="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}]]}}},"view":{"type":"object","name":"CDSView","id":"34cc5e05-149c-4813-abd6-322fff7b3153","attributes":{"filter":{"type":"object","name":"AllIndices","id":"164e5f40-99ba-4664-8757-a99a157829d5"}}},"glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"f13d7eb7-6811-4099-a313-7fa2c2d4afc6","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"selection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"15c461ac-aee9-4a0e-a1ca-6568d788171f","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.0},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"line_width":{"type":"value","value":1},"line_join":{"type":"value","value":"bevel"},"line_cap":{"type":"value","value":"butt"},"line_dash":{"type":"value","value":[]},"line_dash_offset":{"type":"value","value":0},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"hatch_scale":{"type":"value","value":12.0},"hatch_pattern":{"type":"value","value":null},"hatch_weight":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"nonselection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"3c2b7f44-c779-4ed3-a840-7d47e0d48c6e","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.03225806451612903},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"muted_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"ce4c97f2-c262-470d-97d3-6026fbf50ed2","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#007f00"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}}}},{"type":"object","name":"GlyphRenderer","id":"b0546194-b661-4759-a598-7e2dc70c59a9","attributes":{"name":"Reset","data_source":{"type":"object","name":"ColumnDataSource","id":"cde18fef-6dad-41af-82c6-8fad84e59c11","attributes":{"selected":{"type":"object","name":"Selection","id":"2c850fe9-8c98-42de-86fc-e87ed8b0a1da","attributes":{"indices":[],"line_indices":[]}},"selection_policy":{"type":"object","name":"UnionRenderers","id":"ff01550a-79f9-46bd-87a9-f3a222b4e562"},"data":{"type":"map","entries":[["width",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"AAAAAA=="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"int32","order":"little"}],["offset",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"/AgAAA=="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"int32","order":"little"}],["reset_rate",{"type":"ndarray","array":{"type":"bytes","data":"hBBCCCGEsD8="},"shape":[1],"dtype":"float64","order":"little"}]]}}},"view":{"type":"object","name":"CDSView","id":"c03470f0-a3eb-404c-bb11-d438de6f48bf","attributes":{"filter":{"type":"object","name":"AllIndices","id":"bb357cb2-defd-4a33-86e3-d4793420f669"}}},"glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"9579f709-cf3d-4b28-a8b6-e9e55ce60439","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"selection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"deb4ed2c-feb0-44e4-9e04-d82fa4658aca","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"line_width":{"type":"value","value":1},"line_join":{"type":"value","value":"bevel"},"line_cap":{"type":"value","value":"butt"},"line_dash":{"type":"value","value":[]},"line_dash_offset":{"type":"value","value":0},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"hatch_scale":{"type":"value","value":12.0},"hatch_pattern":{"type":"value","value":null},"hatch_weight":{"type":"value","value":1.0},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"nonselection_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"9b8bd88d-5646-4996-9f44-482032f843f5","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.06451612903225806},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.1},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}},"muted_glyph":{"type":"object","name":"Scatter","id":"a0e83a0f-4698-446f-95e0-7dd6815ff03b","attributes":{"tags":["apply_ranges"],"x":{"type":"field","field":"width"},"y":{"type":"field","field":"offset"},"size":{"type":"value","value":10},"angle":{"type":"value","value":0.7853981633974483},"line_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"line_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"fill_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"fill_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"hatch_color":{"type":"value","value":"#ff0000"},"hatch_alpha":{"type":"value","value":0.2},"marker":{"type":"value","value":"cross"}}}}}],"toolbar":{"type":"object","name":"Toolbar","id":"664e5f38-d0b6-4196-a705-5c4ae9e1e712","attributes":{"tools":[{"type":"object","name":"WheelZoomTool","id":"e8498acb-bdba-4782-816a-98eec3a2c8a3","attributes":{"tags":["hv_created"],"renderers":"auto","zoom_together":"none"}},{"type":"object","name":"HoverTool","id":"52011deb-2ff4-4036-8911-af0dc590afb9","attributes":{"tags":["hv_created"],"renderers":[{"id":"8c22831c-2d55-43b8-9723-489ff1c07dff"}],"tooltips":[["width","@{width}"],["offset","@{offset}"],["success_rate","@{success_rate}"]]}},{"type":"object","name":"HoverTool","id":"ffa4a181-531d-4a63-86c8-6f0cabe0fea5","attributes":{"tags":["hv_created"],"renderers":[{"id":"b0546194-b661-4759-a598-7e2dc70c59a9"}],"tooltips":[["width","@{width}"],["offset","@{offset}"],["reset_rate","@{reset_rate}"]]}},{"type":"object","name":"SaveTool","id":"67ce0f6c-5871-45c0-9a02-a3b46d0ef12f"},{"type":"object","name":"PanTool","id":"212c8de0-e129-4a01-a046-93e19fe83ab6"},{"type":"object","name":"BoxZoomTool","id":"5bf6f140-9657-45f7-b725-3071b0b4fc7c","attributes":{"overlay":{"type":"object","name":"BoxAnnotation","id":"e7031648-8c82-446c-bac8-3c3fa1c063dd","attributes":{"syncable":false,"line_color":"black","line_alpha":1.0,"line_width":2,"line_dash":[4,4],"fill_color":"lightgrey","fill_alpha":0.5,"level":"overlay","visible":false,"left":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"right":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"top":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"bottom":{"type":"number","value":"nan"},"left_units":"canvas","right_units":"canvas","top_units":"canvas","bottom_units":"canvas","handles":{"type":"object","name":"BoxInteractionHandles","id":"17e6750f-9d30-4bba-a19f-bdf2c898ead9","attributes":{"all":{"type":"object","name":"AreaVisuals","id":"6a296637-ea3b-48c7-afa0-417215ae44d7","attributes":{"fill_color":"white","hover_fill_color":"lightgray"}}}}}}}},{"type":"object","name":"ResetTool","id":"58fc4388-875c-4ec4-9b09-e07ded655641"}],"active_drag":{"id":"212c8de0-e129-4a01-a046-93e19fe83ab6"},"active_scroll":{"id":"e8498acb-bdba-4782-816a-98eec3a2c8a3"}}},"left":[{"type":"object","name":"LinearAxis","id":"9a776fe1-a32d-431a-bd77-9a9b49ced318","attributes":{"ticker":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTicker","id":"c8347972-974d-4dd2-831b-fd788295efa8","attributes":{"mantissas":[1,2,5]}},"formatter":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTickFormatter","id":"6a7d5293-9835-4f9b-b4ce-ca2e36ba5bf3"},"axis_label":"Offset","major_label_policy":{"type":"object","name":"AllLabels","id":"16c5ea22-7dec-45ba-8ad2-623de77e0777"}}}],"below":[{"type":"object","name":"LinearAxis","id":"921c3933-cfef-42d4-bc6b-31fa9c55fb34","attributes":{"ticker":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTicker","id":"d8b26ca4-ae5c-4408-b2c9-8c7deb93ab91","attributes":{"mantissas":[1,2,5]}},"formatter":{"type":"object","name":"BasicTickFormatter","id":"2a8df953-77f2-4f11-971c-2afb9001209a"},"axis_label":"Width","major_label_policy":{"type":"object","name":"AllLabels","id":"668f7730-1f4f-46ca-9d2e-9507eef2e89f"}}}],"center":[{"type":"object","name":"Grid","id":"4433aba1-16b3-4e94-b989-91f8a358a6c7","attributes":{"axis":{"id":"921c3933-cfef-42d4-bc6b-31fa9c55fb34"},"grid_line_color":null}},{"type":"object","name":"Grid","id":"1e034e0f-cdf4-41f6-a839-8ae92bea892d","attributes":{"dimension":1,"axis":{"id":"9a776fe1-a32d-431a-bd77-9a9b49ced318"},"grid_line_color":null}},{"type":"object","name":"Legend","id":"0f915399-2be7-4f46-8ee6-2dd140398179","attributes":{"click_policy":"mute","items":[{"type":"object","name":"LegendItem","id":"e24c00a3-7d13-4975-ad5b-813d621214b1","attributes":{"label":{"type":"value","value":"Success"},"renderers":[{"id":"8c22831c-2d55-43b8-9723-489ff1c07dff"}]}},{"type":"object","name":"LegendItem","id":"189dc03d-4ef4-48d3-bad7-26430e4ce076","attributes":{"label":{"type":"value","value":"Reset"},"renderers":[{"id":"b0546194-b661-4759-a598-7e2dc70c59a9"}]}}]}}],"min_border_top":10,"min_border_bottom":10,"min_border_left":10,"min_border_right":10,"output_backend":"webgl"}},{"type":"object","name":"Spacer","id":"ddf32c6a-1c68-4cdb-a53f-d9d32b376aef","attributes":{"name":"HSpacer00572","stylesheets":["\n:host(.pn-loading):before, .pn-loading:before {\n  background-color: #c3c3c3;\n  mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n  -webkit-mask-size: auto calc(min(50%, 400px));\n}",{"id":"f59a509b-1178-41ff-b10f-11070a52763f"},{"id":"6d892886-7243-4bd2-b75f-6551529df1d3"},{"id":"9b89fd69-44c1-41fb-81ad-2ff8ad51474d"}],"margin":0,"sizing_mode":"stretch_width","align":"start"}}]}}],"defs":[{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveHTML1"},{"type":"model","name":"FlexBox1","properties":[{"name":"align_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"align_items","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"},{"name":"flex_direction","kind":"Any","default":"row"},{"name":"flex_wrap","kind":"Any","default":"wrap"},{"name":"gap","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"justify_content","kind":"Any","default":"flex-start"}]},{"type":"model","name":"FloatPanel1","properties":[{"name":"config","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"contained","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"right-top"},{"name":"offsetx","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"offsety","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"theme","kind":"Any","default":"primary"},{"name":"status","kind":"Any","default":"normalized"}]},{"type":"model","name":"GridStack1","properties":[{"name":"mode","kind":"Any","default":"warn"},{"name":"ncols","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"nrows","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"allow_resize","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"allow_drag","kind":"Any","default":true},{"name":"state","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"drag1","properties":[{"name":"slider_width","kind":"Any","default":5},{"name":"slider_color","kind":"Any","default":"black"},{"name":"value","kind":"Any","default":50}]},{"type":"model","name":"click1","properties":[{"name":"terminal_output","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"debug_name","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"clears","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"FastWrapper1","properties":[{"name":"object","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"style","kind":"Any","default":null}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationAreaBase1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"NotificationArea1","properties":[{"name":"js_events","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}},{"name":"notifications","kind":"Any","default":[]},{"name":"position","kind":"Any","default":"bottom-right"},{"name":"_clear","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"types","kind":"Any","default":[{"type":"map","entries":[["type","warning"],["background","#ffc107"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-exclamation-triangle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]},{"type":"map","entries":[["type","info"],["background","#007bff"],["icon",{"type":"map","entries":[["className","fas fa-info-circle"],["tagName","i"],["color","white"]]}]]}]}]},{"type":"model","name":"Notification","properties":[{"name":"background","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"duration","kind":"Any","default":3000},{"name":"icon","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"message","kind":"Any","default":""},{"name":"notification_type","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_destroyed","kind":"Any","default":false}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"BootstrapTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"TemplateEditor1","properties":[{"name":"layout","kind":"Any","default":[]}]},{"type":"model","name":"MaterialTemplateActions1","properties":[{"name":"open_modal","kind":"Any","default":0},{"name":"close_modal","kind":"Any","default":0}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactiveESM1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"JSComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"ReactComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"AnyWidgetComponent1","properties":[{"name":"esm_constants","kind":"Any","default":{"type":"map"}}]},{"type":"model","name":"request_value1","properties":[{"name":"fill","kind":"Any","default":"none"},{"name":"_synced","kind":"Any","default":null},{"name":"_request_sync","kind":"Any","default":0}]}]}};
      var render_items = [{"docid":"7660945e-87ac-4a2f-86d0-e38d437d9092","roots":{"8e67ba12-7cdd-402b-9134-03e2c38aae30":"bffffde5-57b2-42be-a92b-382a7fc14b6c"},"root_ids":["8e67ba12-7cdd-402b-9134-03e2c38aae30"]}];
      var docs = Object.values(docs_json)
      if (!docs) {
        return
      }
      const py_version = docs[0].version.replace('rc', '-rc.').replace('.dev', '-dev.')
      async function embed_document(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        await Bokeh.embed.embed_items_notebook(docs_json, render_items);
        for (const render_item of render_items) {
          for (const root_id of render_item.root_ids) {
    	const id_el = document.getElementById(root_id)
    	if (id_el.children.length && id_el.children[0].hasAttribute('data-root-id')) {
    	  const root_el = id_el.children[0]
    	  root_el.id = root_el.id + '-rendered'
    	  for (const child of root_el.children) {
                // Ensure JupyterLab does not capture keyboard shortcuts
                // see: https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/4.1.x/extension/notebook.html#keyboard-interaction-model
    	    child.setAttribute('data-lm-suppress-shortcuts', 'true')
    	  }
    	}
          }
        }
      }
      function get_bokeh(root) {
        if (root.Bokeh === undefined) {
          return null
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version !== py_version) {
          if (root.Bokeh.versions === undefined || !root.Bokeh.versions.has(py_version)) {
    	return null
          }
          return root.Bokeh.versions.get(py_version);
        } else if (root.Bokeh.version === py_version) {
          return root.Bokeh
        }
        return null
      }
      function is_loaded(root) {
        var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
        return (Bokeh != null && Bokeh.Panel !== undefined)
      }
      if (is_loaded(root)) {
        embed_document(root);
      } else {
        var attempts = 0;
        var timer = setInterval(function(root) {
          if (is_loaded(root)) {
            clearInterval(timer);
            embed_document(root);
          } else if (document.readyState == "complete") {
            attempts++;
            if (attempts > 200) {
              clearInterval(timer);
    	  var Bokeh = get_bokeh(root)
    	  if (Bokeh == null || Bokeh.Panel == null) {
                console.warn("Panel: ERROR: Unable to run Panel code because Bokeh or Panel library is missing");
    	  } else {
    	    console.warn("Panel: WARNING: Attempting to render but not all required libraries could be resolved.")
    	    embed_document(root)
    	  }
            }
          }
        }, 25, root)
      }
    })(window);</script>
    </div>



Make sure you write down those glitch settings, since we‚Äôll be using for
the rest of the glitching labs! In fact, we‚Äôll be using a lot of the
general code structure here for the rest of the labs, with the only big
changes being:

Repeat
~~~~~~

This lab used a pretty large repeat value. Like the name suggests, this
setting controls how many times the glitch is repeated (i.e.¬†a repeat
value of 5 will place glitches in 5 consecutive clock cycles). Consider
that each glitch inserted has a chance to both cause a glitch or crash
the device. This was pretty advantageous for this lab since we had a lot
of different spots we wanted to place a glitch - using a high repeat
value increased our chance for a crash, but also increased our chance
for a successful glitch. For an attack where we‚Äôre targeting a single
instruction, we don‚Äôt really increase our glitch chance at all, but
still have the increased crash risk. Worse yet, a successful glitch in a
wrong spot may also cause a crash! It is for that reason that it‚Äôs often
better to use a low repeat value when targeting a single instruction.

Ext Offset
~~~~~~~~~~

The ext offset setting controls a delay between the trigger firing and
the glitch being inserted. Like repeat, it‚Äôs base on whole clock cycles,
meaning an ext offset of 10 will insert a glitch 10 cycles after the
trigger fires. We didn‚Äôt have to worry about this setting for this lab
since the large repeat value was able to take us into the area we
wanted. This won‚Äôt be true for many applications, where you‚Äôll have to
try glitches at a large variety of ext_offsets.

Success, Reset, and Normal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These three result states are usually enough to describe most glitch
results. What constitues a success, however, will change based on what
firmware you‚Äôre attacking. For example, if we were attacking the Linux
authentication, we might base success on a check to see whether or not
we‚Äôre root.


**In [23]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    #scope.dis()
    #target.dis()


**In [24]:**

.. code:: ipython3

    assert broken is True
